I mean,
there's a couple of things we could do.
One of them is we could try to fix
the poles, fix those issues, but
it's gonna be a bit more work.
But another more interesting thing
potentially, would be to try and
use noise.
Maybe what we'll do is we'll start by just
typing it out and just working with it.
And then once we get it running,
maybe I'll walk through what's happening
a little bit more in more detail.
So, the purpose of noise
in this particular shader,
the purpose of what we're gonna be
using this concept of noise flow,
is to make it so
all these circles have different sizes.
Cuz right now they're all kinda
consistently, either small or
consistently big.
But we wanna introduce some randomness to
make it look a little bit more like yeah,
good sounds work.
So I'm gonna go back to having a sphere,
And
what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna install
a dependency that's a glsl dependency.
And if we look on NPM and we searched
glsl noise, let's call it glsl noise.
It's a module on NPM, but it's not
a JavaScript module, it's a glsl module.
And so we're gonna install this
just like we would any NPM module.
So npm install glsl-noise,
and then it has some examples
of how to use it in a fragment shader or
vertex shader.
So one of the things is that this
is using a concept called glslify,
which is very hard to pronounce.
And this tool is a way of introducing
modules from NPM into
your fragment shaders.
So instead of just writing your
fragment shader as a string,
you're writing it as a string and
then wrapping it in this glsl function.
And then you're also
able to now put in these
special lines these pragma glslify blah,
blah, blah,
you're able to basically require
an import things from NPM.
And so let's do the same thing that's
here but in our own code here.
So I'm gonna go to my code.
I'm gonna first at the top, I'm gonna
say const glsl is equal
to required glslify.
This is a real tongue twister.
But this is how is gonna look,
we gonna call the variable glsl and
require the tool itself.
And then we gonna scroll down instead
of using a template string for
the fragment shader we gonna
wrap this in a function.
And I'm gonna move this comment over,
just so that it gets highlighted again.
And now it's working.
I mean nothing's really changed.
But now we can import this noise function.
And if you want, you can go to the NPM
page, copy and paste one of them.
Let's say we're gonna
take the simplex noise.
So the one that says 3D simplex or
you can just type it out with me.
I'll show you how it looks,
it's the #pragma glslify: noise
= require( 'glsl-noise/simplex/3d' ).
So it's a bit of a mouthful.
And if you've typed it in correctly,
let's say I type it in correctly,
you're gonna get an error
that says cannot find module.
Or if you haven't installed it,
you're gonna get this as well.
Okay, so how do we actually use noise?
Well, first I'm gonna
just use it in our code,
and then I'll explain a little
bit about how it's all working.
So the goal here is to make
a default value here for the size,
the threshold that we're
making these circles.
So for now, let's just say we'll leave
it at 0.25 or you might want to copy and
paste this line to leave it in case
you want to come back to it later.
So you might want to just comment that out
and leave it there for reference later on.
But instead of just doing
all that signed stuff,
we're gonna do 0.25 plus
let's call it offset.
We're gonna create a new float.
And for now the float,
let's leave it at 0.
We save, we make sure it still works.
The code is still working, no errors.
And now what we're gonna do is
we're gonna use the noise function,
which accepts a 3D coordinate because
we've required the 3D version.
And we're gonna pass in vUv.xy,
time as the third coordinate.
And if it works you should see this kind
of crazy pattern stuff that is going on
in this demo here.
So, I'll just do one more little tweak and
I'll explain what's going on.
Let's say we multiply this
x y value by some number.
We're gonna get some crazy patterns which
we really don't want right now, but
that's actually kind of cool.
So we have our q, and we're gonna use
that instead of using the vUv here.
So we're gonna create another
vector called noise input,
and it's gonna be q times 10 we're
gonna use the same number
that we used in our module.
And we're gonna pass this
noise input in instead of Uv.
And that's gonna create this crazy
like camouflage pattern, but
that's not what we want.
We want it to be circles and
we're gonna get that by flooring
the value which actually
looks kind of cool too.
All of a sudden we have this like,
some of them are squares,
some of them are circles.
But it's because the offset is so
drastic that sometimes it's getting so
large that they're clipping.
And they're basically
clipping into each other and
creating this sort of filled look.
So the last thing I'm just doing
here is I'm just scaling down
the noise by adding a multiplication
at the end of the noise function,
by some small number, And
now when I look at this,
it should be a little bit closer
to what I was looking for.